We are ready now to kind of look and
see what we have packaged up in here,
as I said in the introduction, we are
going to take a look at some of the tools.
Most of the tools that I use for building
this, as well as all of the components
that went in to making this happen, so
this is our self-sustainable, solar
self-sustainable DragonBoard 410c work
station and potential surveillance system.
So inside this box,
as you can see, at least right here,
we have a little flap that comes out.
This is for the wheels, right.
But we expand our station here.
And you can see we have
our DragonBoard 410c.
Which is kind of the brain of the system.
We have our power supply for
it which we'll be using later.
We have some cool little sensors and
you went over that in course three.
This is our actuator, I'm sorry,
the stepper motor that we used.
You know in case you wanted to do some
VOIP, we have our head set there and
then, you know maybe a little, Live webcam
that you might want to use [SOUND] and
then we have [SOUND] of course the monitor
here which you will definitely
need if you're going to be doing any sort
of programming outside on the desktop.
Or if you're running Android or anything
like that you don't want to use ADB.
I have a full size, almost full size
keyboard, you know, for the programming.
And then I have a little
miniature one here too, so
maybe you want to Make your
system a little more compact.
Those are both bluetooth.
And a really cool sensor kit
from Grove Sensors here.
Inside here we have
a bunch of I2C sensors.
Here's light sensors, motion sensors,
[NOISE] pressure sensors,
little LCD screen.
Underneath here, we have the sensor board.
This is new to the 96
boards at our website.
You can check all this out and
I will be providing links at
the bottom of the videos here.
We'll put this over here.
[COUGH] And the power supply of course for
the screen,
so this is just the beginning,
this is the stuff we're going to use.
Right now, I want to kind of talk
about a little more of the tools here.
So, I use this just a little
all purpose screw driver,
this helped me with putting
some of the stuff together.
Crimper, wire cutters, some bungees.
Let me see what we got here.
These bungees are going to hold down the
battery and I'll explain a little bit more
about why we chose these bungees instead
of building a whole battery casing.
Have a little volt meter.
You know,
I noticed that the solar panels we bought,
they didn't have a positive or
a negative side to the connectors.
So I was like how am I going to find out,
you know,
how to plug it into the charge controller?
So you just use your volt meter there, and
you'll find out where the positive and
the negative sides are.
And The solar panels.
Let's move this over here now.
These solar panels right here.
We have two solar panels, right.
And these are as we talked about in
part one, the ten watts, 17.9 volts.
22.4 open current, open circuit volts.
And then short circuit amps .61.
So we're going to kind of decide how we
want to set those up, hooking them up to
the wire of the box after, another bungee
here, after we hook everything up.
And then the battery.
So this is kind of a heavy duty battery.
We chose 18 amp hours here.
You can again make your system
as powerful as you want.
Our system is actually capable of
faking multiple of these batteries and
when you see the inside of this box,
you're going to see how much
extra space we actually have.
So you want your system to be able to,
for emergency cases,
you're out in the wild for two, three
days, and say it's raining, or you're
covered by a bunch of trees in the forest
and you're not getting much sunlight.
Well, you might want to have
more batteries with you.
This of course adds to the weight, which
in turn, there's always a compromise.
So let me see here.
One last thing, this was just kind
of a cool thing that we pick up.
So we have this kind of
big old clunky monitor.
And when we show you
the inside of this box,
you're going to kind of
see why we picked this.
Because this is a really cool
little monitor, five inch monitor.
I would encourage anyone out there
that want to buy this monitor
It's from Waveshare, and I would encourage
anyone out there who wants to buy this
monitor to get on there,
try to build some STL file.
Let's get a hard shell, 3D printed case
going for this because it's really cool.
And it would be really nice to get
a nice 3D printed case for this monitor.
Something that we can mount inside
the solar powered system here.
Just going to kind of place
this right here as well.
So, one last thing.
This is a lot of stuff that
we pulled out of the box but
we're going to kind of
take a look around here.
And take a look at the last
two components of this box
which are the Inverter here, and
this is a 450 watt inverter.
I know in part one I talked
about a 350 watt inverter.
We upped it by 100 watts
only because this inverter
was a little more simple with the two
sockets here that it provides.
The other one only had a USB socket.
Turns out our charge controller up here,
actually had it's own USB
sockets so we didn't have to, we didn't
really need to install any extra stuff for
that, you can see we have our panels,
our inverter, our battery coming in here
we'll explain all of these later, but
there's ample space inside here and
we're going to start building it so
you can see it all come together in
just a minute in the next video.
So kind of take a look at all this.
Stuff here on the table.
And we're going to fit all of this
back in, minus the tools, but
we're going to fit all this
back inside of the case.
And make it a nice
comfortable workstation for
you to build with your DragonBoard 410c.
See you in the next videos.